Up next:  test make install  (leave make tar for next release)
            -> add install directory for images
	    -> add provision for soma database file


Get rid of /usr/lib/xscreensaver/config (is mistake file)
Put refs to the really slicks screensavers back in some .xscreensaver


Make sure all the targets in the top level makefile.in work correctly
  -> vms files, dtd still in make tar;
Clean unneeded tests out of configure.ac
figure out a better way to get the entries in .xscreensaver
make .desktop files for gnome-screensaver and figure out how they work
see if there are any more daemons to be accomodated
look into portability issues (gnu portability library)
create a proper history/changelog
iron out heading at top of man files (some say xtrascreenhacks at both sides
  with a blank middle, some say the hack name on both sides with 
  xtrascreenhacks manual in the middle--is probably in the man files)
fix default configdir in configure.ac--uses /xscreensaver,
  doesn't substitute variables down into $datadir or wherever
Stop trying to install from utils directory--nothing is installed from there

Continue to develop web page (including personal section)
Determine what package dependencies should be listed
Make more xbms for flyer
Implement multiple xbm option in flyer
Add motion trails to flyer
Improve soma database parser
make skeleton files for future hacks, configurators and man pages
decide whether to incorporate 2d berlinuhr

There is makefile weirdness: for instance, why are all the x libraries,
gl, etc pulled into the gl hacks with XPM_LIBS? that's misleading.


for freshmeat:
Determine and list dependencies
Create and post an avatar
Update and post the changelog,
hopefuly one that is proper and compliant and all that
? put a link on homepage to freshmeat page

from actodo:
Needed files: configure.in Makefile.in hacks/Makefile.in utils/Makefile.in
              configure.guess aclocal.m4(regenerate?), all .com/.vms files
              (incuding ones in utils--ones in driver?), install-sh(?)

General:

-figure out how to tick version numbers & tie in w/ tarfile creation
 (uses utils/version.h and Makefile.in somehow)
-figure out how xscreensaver.spec is used and update/customize it
-make a better ChangeLog
-figure out if INSTALL is handwritten or generated, and make a new one
-figure out how to pass install dir arg to configure, and put in INSTALL
-is driver/screensaver-properties.desktop.in good for anything?
  ->no--is only for xscreensaver-demo
-there are some examples of updating an existing file (to reflect version)
 in driver/Makefile.in--perhaps use for script to update .xscreensaver


Makefile.in:

-remove reference to unused dirs in SUBDIRS
-remove references to intltools in TARFILES and distclean target
-figure out how www section is used and if it could be useful here
-figure out how to roll rpms with make rpm target
-make sure make tar target is all ok for this package
 (includes making archive directory)
-is the hack count useful here? help blurb customization?
  ->is probably for .ad file     ->may no longer work
-figure out what tags and  update-spec-version targets are for


hacks/Makefile.in:

-remove references to original hacks & man/xml files, replace w/ new ones
-a line referencing the package is put into installed manpages--
 update to reflect this package
-propogate other changes make to generated Makefile in version 0.1
-transfer comment about Xlibs from driver/Makefile.in


utils/Makefile.in:

-remove long comment about libs


configure.in:

-remove references to unused dirs in inventory check
-figure out how to call AC_INIT (is presently called with driver/subprocs.c,
 a file not used here)


config.h.in:




from 4autotools:

*find out what the existing screensaver installation is, if any,
 and put hacks & config in the right place
 to consider: xscreensaver, gnome screensaver, kde's screensaver
              -> involves .ad file
hacks/.gdbinit: what does it do? (taken out)
might hacks/xml2man be useful?

do I need xscreensaver-sgigl (makes the hacks run on weird sgi displays),
and the xss.dtd/xsd (checkers for the xml configurators)?
How much do I want to be able to run on all the platforms xscreensaver does,
and will I ever be willing to make this pkg depend on xscreensaver?
(maybe suggest xscreensaver for the sgi console, etc?)

Will need to change .spec and version.h to reflect this package
will need to understand rpm spec file format (and how to build rpms)
in order to do the .spec right  .spec is used by make distdepend,
there is a make update-spec-version to maintain it

All the OSX stuff! I would like to make this work on OSX, but
that requires dealing with the xcodeproj directory and its one file,
and I don't have a clue about it. Is there any way to still make it work?


(OSX has not been removed yet, btw)


Same thing with VMS

write READMEs

xscreensaver-gl-helper, include it?

make sure the man installers in all makefile.ins refer to this package


What happens when a hack that uses a screen grab is run with another daemon,
or no daemon? (the daemon passes the screen grab to the hack, and the 
hack needs grabscreen, etc in utils because it needs to know if the
screen grab is coming.)


doesn't look like xscreensaver-sgigl is referenced from anywhere in the code. It is another standalone executable.




from xmldir-problem:

option not given, returns mistake (${datadir}/xscreensaver/config)
empty option (--with-datadir  ) gives same
option w/ bogus dir as arg, bogus dir passes
option with good dir as arg passes
empty option with = (--with-configdir=   ) wants to install under /
option with yes arg ( --with-configdir=yes
) returns mistake
option with 'no' arg ( --with-configdir=no) returns the error mesage and quits

problem is probably around line 1100 of configure.ac
