
Make sure all the targets in the top level makefile.in work correctly
  -> vms files, dtd still in make tar;
figure out a better way to get the entries in .xscreensaver
make .desktop files for gnome-screensaver and figure out how they work
see if there are any more daemons to be accomodated
look into portability issues (gnu portability library)
create a proper history/changelog

Continue to develop web page (including personal section)
Determine what package dependencies should be listed
Make more xbms for flyer
Implement multiple xbm option in flyer
Add motion trails to flyer
Improve soma database parser -- possibly re-implement in perl or something
Let soma database file be parsed & somafigures.h be created at compile time
make skeleton files for future hacks, configurators and man pages

There is makefile weirdness: for instance, why are all the x libraries,
gl, etc pulled into the gl hacks with XPM_LIBS? that's misleading.

get everything error-free as possible with valgrind and, potentially,
jemalloc

for freshmeat:
Determine and list dependencies
Create and post an avatar
Update and post the changelog,
hopefuly one that is proper and compliant and all that
? put a link on homepage to freshmeat page

from actodo:

General:

-figure out how to tick version numbers & tie in w/ tarfile creation
 (uses utils/version.h and Makefile.in somehow)
-figure out how xscreensaver.spec is used and update/customize it
-make a better ChangeLog
-there are some examples of updating an existing file (to reflect version)
 in driver/Makefile.in--perhaps use for script to update .xscreensaver


Makefile.in:

-figure out how www section is used and if it could be useful here
-figure out how to make rpms with make rpm target
-is the hack count useful here? ->is probably for .ad file 
-figure out what tags and  update-spec-version targets are for


hacks/Makefile.in:

-remove references to original hacks & man/xml files, replace w/ new ones
-a line referencing the package is put into installed manpages--
 update to reflect this package
-transfer comment about Xlibs from driver/Makefile.in

from 4autotools:

*find out what the existing screensaver installation is, if any,
 and put hacks & config in the right place automatically
 to consider: xscreensaver, gnome screensaver, kde's screensaver
              -> involves .ad file

do I need xscreensaver-sgigl (makes the hacks run on weird sgi displays)?
How much do I want to be able to run on all the platforms xscreensaver does,
and will I ever be willing to make this pkg depend on xscreensaver?
(maybe suggest xscreensaver for the sgi console, etc?)

Will need to change .spec and version.h to reflect this package
will need to understand rpm spec file format (and how to build rpms)
in order to do the .spec right  .spec is used by make distdepend,
there is a make update-spec-version to maintain it

All the OSX stuff! I would like to make this work on OSX, but
that requires dealing with the xcodeproj directory and its one file,
and I don't have a clue about it. Is there any way to still make it work?
(OSX has not been removed yet, btw)


Same thing with VMS
also decide whether to support some of these other weird ancient platforms

write/finish READMEs that remain blank/insufficient

xscreensaver-gl-helper, include it?

make sure the man installers in all makefile.ins refer to this package


What happens when a hack that uses a screen grab is run with another daemon,
or no daemon? (the daemon passes the screen grab to the hack, and the 
hack needs grabscreen, etc in utils because it needs to know if the
screen grab is coming.)
Speaking of grabscreen.h, it seems to be the only thing using xshm.
OK to get rid of both?


doesn't look like xscreensaver-sgigl is referenced from anywhere in the code. It is another standalone executable.


Come up with a better task organization system than this text file

